DOCSP-37612: v6.5.0 release (#881)
mongodb/docs-node: source/whats-new.txt

* :ref:`Version 3.7 <version-3.7>`
* :ref:`Version 3.6 <version-3.6>`

.. _version-6.5:

What's New in 6.5
-----------------

The {+driver-short+} v6.5 release includes the following features:

> - Moved ``ObjectId`` generation to the ``pkFactory`` class for bulk write
>   operations.

Reviewer: S: match tense
```suggestion
- Moves ``ObjectId`` generation to the ``pkFactory`` class for bulk write
  operations.
```

> .. warning::

Reviewer: Q: should this warning be indented to be under the preceding bullet point?

Author: I'm not sure you can put an admonition in a list, but I'll try it out.

Author: Unfortunately, that didn't work (unexpected indentation error)

>    If you previously specified the ``pkFactory`` to handle bulk writes,
>    the ``_id`` fields of the documents inserted by using bulk writes may
>    be inconsistent with the behavior in this version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you previously specified that a ``pkFactory`` instance handles bulk writes,
   the ``_id`` fields of the documents inserted by using bulk writes may
   be inconsistent with the behavior in this version.
```

Author: Good call! Will update to clarify an instance.

> - Fixes the read preference sent with read operations when directly connected
>   to a secondary in the replica set to ``primaryPreferred``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sets the read preference that is sent with read operations to ``primaryPreferred`` when
  you are directly connected to a secondary in the replica set.
```

Author: Thanks for the rewording. I'll use parts of this suggestion, but will continue to use the verb "fixes" to make sure it's understood that way. From the release notes:

> Fixed applying read preference to commands depending on topology

- Fixes a memory leak in promise creation for socket operations.

- Reduces first-time connection latency when connecting to a DNS seedlist by
  querying the ``SRV`` and ``TXT`` records in parallel.

- Adds tracking to container metadata when running a client in Kubernetes
  or a container environment in the ``client.env.container`` field of the
  handshake document.

- Adds the original error document returned by the server to the
  ``errorResponse`` field of the ``MongoServerError`` document.

- Deprecates the ``CloseOptions`` interface which is unused by the driver.

To learn more about this release, see the
`v6.5.0 Release Highlights
<https://github.com/mongodb/node-mongodb-native/releases/tag/v6.5.0>`__ on

> GitHub.

Reviewer: S: maybe out of scope, but I noticed the v6.4 section is missing this link

* :ref:`Version 3.7 <version-3.7>`
* :ref:`Version 3.6 <version-3.6>`

.. _version-6.5:

What's New in 6.5
-----------------

The {+driver-short+} v6.5 release includes the following features:

> - Moves ``ObjectId`` generation to the ``pkFactory`` class for bulk write
>   operations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Bulk write operations generate document ids using the ``pkFactory``
```

Author: Thanks, I'll change "ObjectID generation" to "generate document ids".
To maintain the style, the bullet point needs to start with a present tense verb. I'll change it to the following (feel free to suggest something else):

"Updates bulk write operations to use the pkFactory class for document id generation."

Reviewer 2: yup, that works too.  thanks!
